.TH VERLIHUB 1 "January 2024" verlihub "January 2024"
.SH NAME
verlihub \- Verlihub is a Direct Connect protocol server (Hub)
.SH DESCRIPTION
Verlihub has some utility scripts that can be used to install a new hub or manage existing ones:
.TP
.BR 
.I vh
a script that includes features to manage hubs from command line interface (CLI)
.TP
.BR 
.I vh_gui
a script that includes features to manage hubs through a graphical interface (GUI)
.TP
.BR 
.I vhm
a script that allow you to run multi instances of Verlihub from command line interface (CLI)
.TP
.BR
.I  vh_regimporter
a script that allow you to import registration from PtokaX, Aquila and YnHub
.P
For more information please check <https://github.com/verlihub/>
.SH "SPECIFIC FILE DESCRIPTIONS"
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/dbconfig
The global file for hub settings. Here there are variables you can use:
.RS
.TP
.BR 
.I db_host
Hostname for MySQL server. Can be a local server (localhost) or external server
.TP
.BR
.I  db_data
Database name for Verlihub hub settings
.TP
.BR
.I  db_user
MySQL username to access DB. User should has all privilegies
.TP
.BR
.I  db_pass
Password for username
.TP
.BR
.I  locale
The locale code that should use Verlihub
.RE
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/log
General log file. Written information depends on log_level variable
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/err
Log file to check application error
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/help_*
Help files will be called when user/admin use !help command in the hub
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/plugins/
This directory contains enabled plugins for the hub. They will be automatically loaded when hub start
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/scripts/
This folder contains all scripts wirtten in Lua, Python and Perl languages. hey will be automatically loaded when hub start 
.SH AUTHOR
2003-2005 Daniel Muller, dan at verliba dot cz
2006-2024 Verlihub Team, info at verlihub dot net
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Official website: <https://github.com/verlihub/>
.br
Wiki pages: <https://github.com/verlihub/verlihub/wiki/>
.br
Support hub: <nmdcs://hub.verlihub.net:7777>
.br
Translate Verlihub using Transifex.net: <https://transifex.com/feardc/verlihub/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Verlihub is free software; You can redistribute it
and modify it under the terms of the GNU General
Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the license, or at
your option any later version.
.br
Verlihub is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but without any warranty, without even the
implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for
a particular purpose. See the GNU General Public
License for more details.
.br
Please see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ for a copy
of the GNU General Public License.
