.TH vh "1" "January 2024" verlihub "January 2024"
.SH NAME
vh \- This is a utility script for Verlihub
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR "-i, --install [sleep_time]"
The option allows you to install a new hub. For detailed explanation please read <https://github.com/verlihub/verlihub/wiki/>
.TP
.BR "-uh, --uphelp [path_to_dbconfig]"
Update help files of hub at specified dbconfig path
.TP
.BR "-mp, --modport <path_to_dbconfig> <main> [extra]"
Modify hub ports
.TP
.BR "-r, --run [path_to_dbconfig]"
This option allows you to start the hub and run Verlihub as a daemon. Verlihub config folder can be omitted. If folder is omitted then the script will automatically try to guess them; the following folders will be searched in this order:
.RS
.TP
.BR " o value of VERLIHUB_CFG enviroment variable:"
.TP
.BR " o /etc/verlihub"
.TP
.BR " o PREFIX/etc/verlihub where PREFIX is the path where you installed Verlihub"
.TP
.BR " o ./.verlihub"
.TP
.BR " o ~/.verlihub (~ means your home directory)"
.P
If no directory will be found, the script will return an error.
.br
.I Example:
.nf
vh --run /etc/verlihub
.fi
.RE
.TP
.BR "-q, --restart [path_to_dbconfig]"
This option allows you to restart a running hub. You can also provide a Verlihub config folder; please refer to option --run for more information.
.TP
.BR "-s, --stop [path_to_dbconfig]"
This option allows you to stop a running hub. You can also provide a Verlihub config folder; please refer to option --run for more information
.TP
.BR "-t, --status [path_to_dbconfig]"
This option allows you to show if hub is running or not. You can also provide a Verlihub config folder; please refer to option --run for more information
.TP
.BR "-g, --geoip"
This option allows you to update all free MaxMind databases
.TP
.BR "-a, --autoload [path_to_dbconfig]"
This option allow you to create symbolic link in the hub config folder to load plugins automatically with Verlihub. You have to specify one the following options:
.RS
.TP
.BR "--list"
show a list of installed plugins and their status
.TP
.BR "--on"
load plugin automatically
.TP
.BR "--off"
disabled autoload feature of plugin
.P
You can specify the config directory using --configdir option; this is optional, please refer to option --run for more information.
.RE
.TP
.BR "-u, --adduser <nickname> <password> <class> [path_to_dbconfig]"
This option allows you to add a new user to the hub. You have to specify the following extra options to create a new user:
.RS
.TP
.BR "<nickname>"
the nickname of the user
.TP
.BR "<password>"
the password of the user. This is optional and it can be provided by the user.
.TP
.BR "<class>"
the class of the user. Allowed values are -1, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10. Please refer to manager the hub manual for more information about those classes.
.TP
.BR "[path_to_dbconfig]"
Verlihub config folder. This is optional; please refer to option --run for more information.
.RE
.TP
.BR "--clean [path_to_dbconfig]"
This option will ask you if you want to clean up kicklist, banlist, unbanlist, pi_iplog, pi_messages and pi_stats tables (plugins tables will be dropped only if they exists) using TRUNCATE method. This means that all data in these tables will be removed.
.TP
.BR "--backup <destination_path> [path_to_dbconfig]  "
This option allows you to make a backup of database that Verlihub uses to store registered users, triggers, configuration, etc. You have to specify a folder where you want to store the backup.
For 
.I example
if you want to save it to /home/foobar type:
.nf
vh --backup /home/foobar
.fi
You can also provide a Verlihub config folder; please refer to option --run for more information.
.TP
.BR "--restore <path_to_sql> [path_to_dbconfig] "
This option allows you to restore a backup created with option --backup or with other MySQL utility. You have to specify the path to sql file that contains the backup. 
For
.I example
if you want to restore verlihub_backup.sql that is located at /home/foobar type:
.nf
vh --restore /home/foobar/verlihub_backup.sql
.fi
You can also provide a Verlihub config folder; please refer to option --run for more information.
.TP
.BR "--version"
This option prints version information about this script and Verlihub.
.TP
.BR --help
displays help message with commands list
.SH AUTHOR
2003-2005 Daniel Muller, dan at verliba dot cz
2006-2024 Verlihub Team, info at verlihub dot net
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Official website: <https://github.com/verlihub/>
.br
Wiki pages: <https://github.com/verlihub/verlihub/wiki/>
.br
Support hub: <nmdcs://hub.verlihub.net:7777>
.br
Translate Verlihub using Transifex.net: <https://transifex.com/feardc/verlihub/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Verlihub is free software; You can redistribute it
and modify it under the terms of the GNU General
Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the license, or at
your option any later version.
.br
Verlihub is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but without any warranty, without even the
implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for
a particular purpose. See the GNU General Public
License for more details.
.br
Please see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ for a copy
of the GNU General Public License.
