.TH vh_regimporter "1" "January 2024" verlihub "January 2024"
.SH NAME
vh_regimporter \- This is an utility script to convert registered users to Verlihub
.SH DESCRIPTION
This script will import registered users from PtokaX, YnHub and Aquila to Verlihub reglist table. These are all available options that you can use with this script:
.br
.I "To use converter you need libxml2 installed"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR "-p, --ptokax <RegisteredUsers.xml> <Profiles.xml> <path_to_dbconfig>"
To convert registered users you will need two XML files:
.RS
.TP
.BR RegisteredUsers.xml
contains registered users with nickname, password and profile ID
.TP
.BR Profiles.xml
contains information about profiles
.P
First script will ask you to map PtokaX profiles with Verlihub classes. Then program will automatically add all users in reglist tables. If a MySQL query will failed you will see a error about no-added user.
.RE
.TP
.BR "-y --ynhub <accounts.xml> <profiles.xml> <path_to_dbconfig>"
To convert registered users you will need two XML files
.RS
.TP
.BR accounts.xml
contains registered users with nickname, password and other information
.TP
.BR profiles.xml
contains information about profiles
.P
This option will also import: Registration date, OP creator, Last login
.br
First script will ask you to map YnHub profiles with Verlihub classes. Then program will automatically add all users in reglist tables. If a MySQL query will failed you will see a error about no-added user.
.RE
.TP
.BR "-a, --aquila <Aquila.xml> <path_to_dbconfig>"
To convert registered users you will need only Aquila.xml file that is generated in configuration directory of the hub. This option will also import: Registration date, OP creator, Last login, Last IP.
.br
First script will ask you to map Aquila profiles with Verlihub classes. Then program will automatically add all users in reglist tables. If a MySQL query will failed you will see a error about no-added user.
.TP
.BR "-v, --version"
This option prints version information about this script and Verlihub.
.TP
.BR --help
displays this help message
.SH AUTHOR
2003-2005 Daniel Muller, dan at verliba dot cz
2006-2024 Verlihub Team, info at verlihub dot net
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Official website: <https://github.com/verlihub/>
.br
Wiki pages: <https://github.com/verlihub/verlihub/wiki/>
.br
Support hub: <nmdcs://hub.verlihub.net:7777>
.br
Translate Verlihub using Transifex.net: <https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/verlihub/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Verlihub is free software; You can redistribute it
and modify it under the terms of the GNU General
Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the license, or at
your option any later version.
.br
Verlihub is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but without any warranty, without even the
implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for
a particular purpose. See the GNU General Public
License for more details.
.br
Please see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ for a copy
of the GNU General Public License.
